Add IfcGeoScienceElement and subtypes (#438)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Shared element data schemas/Schemas/IfcSharedInfrastructureElements/Entities/IfcGeoScienceModel/Documentation.md

> Model of geological structured as considered relevant for the project, as a base for the definition of building- and design-related geotechnical models, hydrogeological models and GeoHazardModel

Reviewer: Assumption.
```suggestion
Model of the geological structure as considered relevant for the project, as a base for the definition of building- and design-related geotechnical models, hydrogeological models and geo hazard model.
```
